Make exercise guides available in English (#489)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: en/guides/exercises/creating-exercises/introduction/index.md

next: true
---

# Creating Exercises: Introduction

> The threshold for creating exercises for Dodona is not low: besides the time investment, several steps must be completed before the actual creation process can begin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The barrier to creating exercises for Dodona is not low: besides the time investment, several steps must be completed before the actual creation process can begin.
```

This guide aims to address that challenge by walking through all the steps from start to finish to create a fully functional exercise.
Once you have created your first exercise, you can use it as a template for developing additional exercises.

Creating your own exercises has several advantages:

> You can tailor exercises to your students' world and the content of their courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tailor exercises to your students' interests and the content of their courses.
```
